Hello everyone. Today, we came to visit the
Podillia Volunteers Foundation in order to
show how effective
volunteer assistance can be, how people
help, some with money, some with
material assets, some with their own
work, how these resources should be
distributed effectively, so that every hryvnia or every
product or every delicacy is
as much as possible.  active and worked
for the armed forces of Ukraine, glory to Ukraine, let's
start. Now we are in the
Podillia charity fund, volunteers who
help the armed forces of Ukraine for the
first year from the city of Khmelnytskyi, I
know them. And today I want to introduce everyone
to the activities of this fund, what they do
and how they help.
Good afternoon  We are now at the
Podillia volunteer post office. This is
where parcels are accepted for the
front line. This is Vasyl Dmytrovych,
who directly accepts every day,
packages, labels,
arranges parcels in order of priority and
loading. Here are all the parcels,
and not only those that are here now, are being
sent today.  to the front lines, where
we directly our drivers hand
over these small things to the boys and
besides, of course, we deliver
cars and other necessary things, which
all go in a convoy and
are handed over directly at the destination points with
ruporukts, so let's get to know
maybe eh  we also have a department of
tactical medicine, which she deals with.
Anna Majevska
What are you doing now telling a tall
parcel for guys This is one military one
that can be sent
fully equipped with a first aid kit plus additional
components for tactical doctors, this is
everything that should be in a tactical backpack,
we always emphasize that it has
be certified pieces If this is not a
Ketov tourniquet, this tourniquet is our
Ukrainian Sich, these are cool hemostatics, these are the
correct inclusion stickers, we pack everything, we hand it over.
we invent a
bicycle, everything is invented by us, so
we form it in accordance with these standards,
if something is missing in the first-aid kit, we always
write, guys, there is everything except, for example,
nasopharyngeal tubes, find and
buy more because it could have been. Well, we
don’t create, you know. So where do
the resources for all this medicine come from,
we often buy access  we are on our own, for example, here are the
results, we bought the company of our
Khmelnytskyi Velmud, part of it
is sent to us by funds from Britain,
volunteers from Britain send from
where the fund comes from, where do people donate business,
who are the results, we bought at the expense of the fund,
this is all the money that is credited to our
account, people discount 30 hryvnias, do they
all compete?  they only cost
5 kopecks, because there are
a little more than 57 kopecks, we have
570 hryvnias left, each of them was given to you
because 5 kopecks, if 50,000 somewhere, yes, I
think that I can’t do something for 50 hryvnias, you
can play it with those who
pieces and the master recommends that even the
civilian population wear them, because
write 70 hryvnias, everyone can buy them under the
conditions of
wearing just horizontal bars, but it would be
nice to be able to
use this if necessary.
Someone should know that you have horizontal bars. 10
Maybe we are talking about the fact that
motorists  we recommend that you look at
this first aid kit and throw it to the damn base. This is
just murder,
they really need to be exported.
you bring
it, you got the nuts yourself, look, we
do it ourselves,
you know that some things are accepted here, and
this is not the first time you come here to take it, it took
so much time
to get the nuts and hand it over.
It doesn’t even want everyone to say from the bottom of their hearts,
guys, well done, what  do you want these
nuts, what made the military do the
tails, do they do everything here or not, here are
all these things, energy bars and
also mixtures of flakes on there are separate
volunteers. That is, we concentrate our
work and separate directions with separate
separate directions led by separate
people, let's assume a tactical  medicine, you
just filmed with Anya, I am involved in
copters, there are people who directly form in us
These are such energy bars
of flakes, disposable such packages that a
serviceman was in any conditions
can propose with water if there is such an opportunity in it
and consume this story
Petro Matviydyuk can name him  he
directs in this direction and all these things, when
we have them, we form them. He comes and
takes the raw materials. There are people who do all this.
By the way, the religious community that
moved from the Moscow Patriarchate to the
Ukrainian pirogovka and they form it all there, they
do it and bring it to us
ready  mixtures of ready-made packages that we
directly delivered to our
goalkeeping funds and now look at your
nuts will go to some energy
mixtures Yes, everything is great and someone there
will warm up with What is your name?
so let's get started,
please. We want to hand over the socks. Yes.
Where can we put them somewhere?
And how do they come to us absolutely
year after our victory? Well,
one of them had to be brought with help.
These are the paintings that
the artists made with their own hands. We
gave them to us.  and we sell at
fairs and at auctions, and all these funds are used as
winnings, and we also direct them to the
purchase of the necessary things, that is, if there are
any artists who want to make a joke of their
painting at the ZSU Yes, they can
bring it to you And you are already doing this with some
people of completely different materials We
are trying everything  it is to unite in a common
common cause. That is, someone brings a
picture, someone sees nuts, someone who
can, yes, there is help to armed families. And
this is what I understand, it was collected by schoolchildren, yes,
because it is written by Rozhishnyany Lyceum and
Nozhichyny Lyceum. Glory to Ukraine of
educational and preschool educational
institutions  please manage Yaroslav,
they constantly regularly supply us with
various hygiene products, goodies,
etc.
to the front line, which we
transport certain things from the unit.
There are two or three parcels for the military, there
are 10 of them and all of them.
clarification of who
exactly played this aid. That is, we do not
say that the fine
was issued by the volunteers of Podillia, that it was collected by the students of such and such a
school or such and such a preschool
educational institution and handed over to you by
the military. Often it is accompanied by you, you
position yours.  by
the people who actually provide help and those
who receive it. This is it in different
aspects, here is an example. Here are such
beautiful trench candles.
they organize people very well, we
cooperate with the layer, which basically
we also provide, or rather, the middle one, which
they end up with if they don’t have it and
then they bring it there ready Well, it’s not
exactly them, but such trench
candles are ready, which we also hand over to the guys,
not advanced and  we are waiting for a report from them and
then we will drop such a photo report to them
right here near me now there is
a parcel that we directly hand over to the
military group I prefer
not to show phone numbers
directly That is, we are our only
rule of volunteer mail as Repeat
now I relaxed I think we do not
accept alcoholic beverages  products and we do not
hand them over, our parcels are checked.
That is, these are parcels - they are people who bring them,
for example, to their relatives to hand them over, yes, and military
servicemen, this relative is a colleague
at work very often,
look, I will comment, yes, so that
people understand. Look, what a cool idea,
here you have some acquaintances Relatives who are
at the front so that you don't run there, don't
look for it. How do you hand it over to Nova Poshta, how can you
get there and then pick it up? Yes, there is volunteer
mail, it is very important,
we hand it over there, Ukrposhta and Nova Poshta do not work.  a
parcel or
they leave Where they can
go and we transfer them directly, that is,
we do what they cannot
learn, that is, it
turns out that if a person needs to
pass on some kind of transfer to his relatives, or
logistical support,
or just something tasty or a
warm card, that is  can be done through And
what is very important contact, that is, We
take some tension from ourselves, namely, we
will allow requests for some individual
things, there are separate pants sizes, etc.
and a resource for such small things, often
military personnel or their
relatives and friends with them can buy it somewhere
and pass it on, that is, there are no
problems with the purchase.
how to transfer one thing
somewhere And so, you centrally transport
already many many because the
advertising is already working great Our Aura yes our
Ukrainian language actually volunteer
mail they made such a European mail
as such as well as volunteer ones in general the
charity fund works in 2014 he
volunteer mail also worked in  14-15
at the beginning of the Russian-Ukrainian war
and then, of course, when there was no such
integration, it
stopped its existence, and
from February 24, the
first crews were actually launched.
military
vehicles,
ammunition, helmets, stoves, etc.,
etc., were not available at that time. The state could not
provide them in such quantities as
needed, and that is why we bought
official ones from France, from Poland, we won
everything where you can rake out helmets, etc. And so on.
and so on, military cars were handed over
and very often it happened that the
car was needed, it was so
stuffed that there wasn't even
one more passenger seat because
everything was filled up.
for example,
there is only
one car going there and we understand that in
this subdivision all the
necessary things are collected there and we experienced them
either in the city council or on the planet
cinema, all these things. That is why we
organized directly here is this
address Kamianetska 63/1 where there is a
volunteer subscriber  Podillia, where you
can always come to hand over this
parcel and they will mark it correctly.
If we optimized everything so that it
relieved all of us as much as possible and
as efficiently as possible, we did not give
help, and now we will see how the
volunteers mark the drones, but I
also looked at those drones that are bought and
transferred to e  -e ZSU This is how you make your
marking, what is it for, look, we
do it so that, first of all, every
Drone that we do not hand over, we understand And we
saw in the event of its loss what we
sometimes say photo Is it our Drone
We can not  were able to
initialize earlier because there was nothing
except its serial number directly,
which is very small and few people know where
it actually is, to
initialize these drones of ours, so we are a plus in order
that, God forbid, who knew him,
someone somewhere stole the drone, something else, he did not
end up in  there are some Oleks for
sale on the Internet, we indicate that it is not
for sale, we indicate who transferred it,
that is, the volunteers of Podillia, and the serial
number. That is, we clearly understand to whom We
sent this particular drone, who was the
recipient, what questions do we have, who was
the sponsor or patron, etc.  - for what funds
were purchased, that is, clearly such a
chronology so that we can then deduce
some, it turns out, it minimizes such
risks that there are some unscrupulous
people. Take this drone, then they will
resell it, that is, it can be seen that
it is marked, yes, it is quite cool,
even  This is the shipment. Yes, we are. This is the
same for every drone that we send.
there are also some Volunteers
who do it for free on an
irregular basis and well, that too If his
contribution to our joint cause By the way, it's very
cool because many people think that you
can join only with money and say
that it's actually possible to join there with
their services  someone can
do free engraving like this.
And what else can people get involved with,
for example, personal work, are there such
needs, yes, of course, we are all people who
come here.
there at work in a
certain field, we are so open- we
just need some help there. That is,
it does not necessarily have to be a person who
came here and has to do something there from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
These are directly such things,
but there are packaging of the same  of
individual packages to military personnel from those
educational institutions that provide those
goodies, hygiene products, etc. That is, this is
the kind of work that you can come for an hour to
package and really help unload with it,
and so on. These are drivers with different
categories.
These are those who weave nets.
help, but they
come, we record their coordinates of
action, we communicate and then we try to
direct them as efficiently as possible. Well,
from the directions of help, yes, for example,
we even cooperate with such
sports power-kits, there are cigarettes, you can
drop them here, well, that is, we convert everything to
the maximum. This is how
electronic cigarettes are electrolyzed.  which we hand over to
these cool guys and girls who use them to
make power banks for the armed forces.
I thought they were cigarettes for the armed forces,
that is, they just
use the cases, they just take them apart, pull out the
batteries, and then tie them up and
make such power banks without registration,
that is  it turns out that a person may not be us, that is,
he may be useful, but he
can come and talk to you and you can
find, for example, the most effective way to
refer. You have idle people who
come and you cannot find them a
job.
A system with drivers was set up somewhere, there
were not enough because there was a huge number
a car was entering the border and it
was necessary to go east and west at the same time.
We divided these drivers, we divided these
groups because not everyone can cross the
border. That is, it is either with three children or
with groups of people who just came and
said I am ready to go until they
take me.  I just want to convey my opinion to people
that there is always an opportunity to
help in some way, contact, for example, in the city of
Khmelnytskyi there is a Podillia Volunteers Fund.
What is your address, public 63 UAH
German 63/1 or if in other cities
to some other fund or if in
Khmelnytskyi da Vinci flank what are you
you know who you trust, tell me, I
want to get involved in something, maybe we need
people who package some products, yes,
maybe we need someone who is just you, we need
people who know how to work with
excellent people to do
some help. That is, you can
even do volunteer work from home
completely from work, that is, if you were
- what format do we understand, just
a lot of people think that if you are a volunteer, it
means you have to come there and
give money and money, but
in fact there is a huge gap here, as we see a
huge patch of work that is not financial,
but some kind of organizational work, where you
just have to devote yourself to this and that
to unpack or report, well, in
fact, we are often asked why
these or other things function,
for example, here is a box of
volunteers from Podillia, here
people bring funds, they are honest, they are just conscious,
they just come, they often say, you are
volunteers, you share, so Well  everything is okay,
you have a volunteer post office, they just throw
money, we are like that, stop, wait, are you
from there? I just see in social networks that you
are working. I want to join.
your volunteer activities or
funny ones that you want to share with people.
He picked blueberries, he handed them over and
brought us money in a box, then the season
changed, he brought, he handed over mushrooms.
It is very cool that a person found
motivation. He came to us with a large one.
no, let's make it shorter, like without mushrooms, but it
will be better like that, then we
had a direction for help from the family of nosy military
girls, they actively handed over
large packages for the families of the dead, and there was such an
offer to help.
I say the goat is
good, well done, you will need it.
So, Cossacks, she thinks that for her,
the goat is survival - it is milk and She
thinks that if we transfer the goat to the front, the
plot is that we sold it for the families of
the dead, we bought a military house in the
village and  she says she definitely needs her, we are
like that, no, we are inconvenient.
it's
priceless, she tears off the goat if I
ask her to help, you know it's funny,
because in our country, for example, they heard a talik telling
her Girls who dry borscht that since February
they just realized that they can
do something at home, it's very
hard work, it's sent because she's
his  the essence is washed, transferred, packaged, handed over to
the guys, they
light it, cook borscht, it's just really
cool, a can of stew on top and it
turns out really cool, here's a thing If you're at home,
you can do it I
always want to convey to people the idea
that you can always find something to contribute,
help, not necessarily with money  yes, there is
a businessman to earn money, you can drop
money if you are just there, a pensioner or a
student, you can still find a way to
help the man, he does a little, he
has no way to pour into it, he
just has a bottle, he twists a cardboard, there are
people who have to pour but do not have a
bottle, and we  we cooperate with these people, that is, they
can be bought so that people can
find them. Come, charity funds that
you know, that you trust, suggest
what I can be useful for, and everyone can
find some activity, put a like
for everyone. Good afternoon. Hello. So, who are you here?
why, for example, is
your main activity,
as Vasyl Dmytrovych accepts
parcels, then brings me a document.
I enter everything into our database, so to speak,
review all these routes. I make a
more convenient file for our drivers so that
they immediately know where they are going.
Where and
in what region did you have to deliver
Dnipropetrovsk region Kherson
region
on the whole front in fact And
what for example I understand that people
bring parcels that in your history do you
remember for example the strangest thing was that they handed over
live
small fish, they were crucians, it seems to be
for a cat of some kind  the
assignment called, they only asked if
they were delivered or alive. Well, there are almost a
couple of things there, but they didn’t quite make it. And
so, in general, everything is ok. I think we’ll
tell the story later. They said that the military
ordered it for a cat. Maybe that’s what they often
give when it’s someone’s birthday,
it’s cakes, that’s it.  Mom, there will be a cake
there, please. I baked it myself, please, for my
son there, brother, and it’s very nice, and such a
part of the house is passed on.
I had a 5-day trip,
so it was delayed because it was a very long route,
and there were various shellings,
the trip is different or scary, I can’t
say because I know for what purpose we are doing it,
and was it difficult?
the locations where the
parcel should be given to the military and his
brothers, we say that he died, this is
just morally difficult emotionally, that is, you
brought the parcel and there is no longer an
addressee.  and you don't know how to
ask whether they already know about it or
not and we send it back,
what do you wish people who want to
join e-e help with your or
another similar fund, how can you show yourself,
first of all I want to say that people do not
forget that  The war continues and it is
very important for us to unite and
continue to help our military,
because I think even a small part of
this grandmother and that uncle who will bring
at least something minimal,
two women and two sisters have already entered
.  licked her socks and here they are, they
see people want to get involved in some way, this is
their contribution, they can't
give millions of hryvnias, as well as
some super businessman there, yes, but they
can attract nuts and she understands that
she made her contribution to the victory,
and maybe look  maybe you don't need
this. Tell us what you need. And
many of us are just shy.
I brought nuts And what will he look at me? Well, you
don't need to be ashamed,
everyone with every little one, I look at you, you have
completely different things, there are some
expensive ones, some simple
cheap ones, yes, that is, everyone, everyone can
join and never be ashamed because
it is never shameful to help
Glory to Ukraine,
now we will talk with Mr. Roman. I
understand that you are the driver above the drivers, so
from the first
car drivers are three sprinters and we share how uh, we
drive through, we see one car uh, goes one
Sunday, the second car on the second and
on the third, it happens that what  On Sunday,
two cars are leaving, one in the Donetsk
direction, the other, Mykolaiv,
Kherson direction. And how did you get to the
fund? How did you receive it? Did you know how you came? Well,
I came somewhere.
]
got caught, then I got caught. You brought a
camouflage net, so you saw that there is a
command
to go
abroad to recruit military personnel for military
personnel. Fast ones went to
Germany, Poland, in addition to fast ones, they
also drove the target of T5 jeeps. Well, what was the
need, and now there is a need for drivers.
Is it yet  the driver is enough, the driver is still
enough, the need is more, if only there are
enough drivers for the fund-raising for thermal imager drones, but how
difficult is it to go on such trips, actually,
how many days do you go on the
extreme trip?
in the afternoon, we
took military thermal imagers there, the parcels
went there with a tow truck, and we had to
pick up my brother from the Donetsk direction,
the car got stuck in the engine, so we
brought it here for repairs, but when we were
driving, it
was very difficult if the road was icy.
It was a little difficult to drive, but everything is fine  the
cylinder is healthy juice, you don't hear it somewhere
in a car or in some models or something like
basically if there are two drivers driving then
we alternate one in fact it's a continuous
movement well it happens like that if there for example they don't
get in touch something today they are
not in touch  And they will only be
in touch tomorrow, then we stop and wait for the
addressee. Yes, and who to whom to pass it on. But here are
some interesting stories from your
trips that you remember.
you are next to an ambulance, she was in a car, and the
second car, I drove away the T5 or was
crippled, I don't remember, and in Poltava, at the
roadblock, a policeman came to me They
say that you have temporarily, well,
expired German license plates for myself, a fine
I say it's fine  I say in 5
hours this car will be a military one and the
temporary German license plates are overdue.
Well, he has already moved away from it. He says give me
insurance, that is,
no, and that’s the first time it happened and, by the way, there was
also a military serviceman who was driving with me. Which
part of the country were we transferring to? There was somehow
more conflict between  they say Let me
take a picture of you, he says No, you don't
take a picture because it's wartime, you
're at a roadblock, I'm going to knock your
heads into the ground right now, and I'm going to lower everyone.
do not take it away on a
carriage or on a tow truck. We
will put it on the penalty area ourselves.
This is the crew. For the first time, a car with an
ambulance on a carriage came with us. We called them. They stopped, took off, caught an ambulance, returned from an
empty maze,
took us, took it from us.
we already
said among ourselves that after the war we would
buy fishing and we would
already. If it was filmed 3-4 times a day,
maybe the fund applied somewhere in the
Poltava authorities, this military man who
was traveling with me, he was somewhere on Facebook.
I believe that such things  it is necessary to make it
public Well, because they are being taken to the
front here, it is not a fact that this car lives
there for a week, conditionally, yes, the license
plates are expired, so what else is
needed Listen, let's come to the place where the
service of this car is, we will write out
fines, yes, it is certainly
interesting.  What can we say? Well, it seems that she is
in her place and performs her
duties, but I think this is not appropriate.
Moreover, on what basis should I take out
insurance if the car has temporary
military temporary German license plates
? And when she arrives, she is
put on  military records, military
numbers are
enough, but we need to do our own thing, as he says. Yes, what do
you want to wish for the Ukrainians, how
can they participate in it? If so,
who is contributing money here?
as a driver, yes, in her direction, I
am engaged in my own direction, but each
person who is on his
own, he can tell you if you do
n’t need help yet, that is, here, what if we are
coping if there
is, to figure it out so that
after that there were already such cases, the month was
It was the month of September, somewhere, the
month of September was  We weren’t all that daring in March.
We didn’t have any insurance. Today, this
car with volunteer mail is going to
Donetsk. There was a need for a
military serviceman in such a car, and I
think tomorrow we risk its
transfer.
Yes, this car is abroad.
And how does it work?
to buy them, are there any Volunteers
who are
generally one of the directions, as well as the
provision of cars for our
military personnel, one of the main
directions of the owners of Podillia, that is, we
have a separate attachment, people who are
responsible for their purchase, for their
transportation, here are some of the drivers as well  ot
Romana, the task is yes. Even only the front
direction of providing drivers - departure and the
western one. That is, it is to Poland, it is to
Germany, it is to other European countries from where
they bring it directly.
that we organize a car, they
get in the number of drivers we
need, and they transport them along the way,
logistically, drop them off, you take one
car, there are three drivers to Europe, yes,
we are three, it is not profitable, at least five or six
cars
looks strange on  the border, when you go to the border, the
border guard is like, right away, these border guards are
clairvoyants, yes, right away, they show the documents, you
know, they pass and then
they return the same way. In other words, we have to
understand that it is actually a huge
layer of work to negotiate. These cars are being inspected, they
are being prepared, not
some random cars.
I work with
platforms in Germany. By the way, our
Khmelnytskyi Ukrainian is the owner of
the largest post office, the
largest of this post office, we
cooperate with them directly, he selects
cars specifically for the armed forces, he
understands that in Germany he does not name the city,
he simply does not name it, he means
We are sure of these cars that it will not
just reach Khmelnytskyi from more than
1,000-1,500 km there, and it will be necessary to
invest in its preparation here as a minimum in order to
send it to the guys. It often happens, you know, that
people collect it there, but they decided to collect it for the
car, they collect it, they do not understand those
cars, they collected it later  oh damn, for the repair, it is
better to add something or something
else, one side is needed - this is the purchase of their
location, the friend, the driver who takes
the transportation, the documentation of all this is
very important, that is, the acts of application to the
border service for tereoke, you did not
just bring a kind of wheelbarrow to you,
that's all  everything is officially formalized,
everything is declared as
cars enter Ukraine,
we already know the teams there, it cannot happen
that you gave it to someone and
someone took it and sold or
resold it there, a volunteer enters
Ukraine, it does not clear customs declaration of
recognition of humanitarian aid, each
car is  legally on the fund and then the
fund officially transfers many of these cars
in a direct transfer, that is, a different
transfer scheme. That is, it stands on the
balance sheet of some military unit.
That is, it is one side, then here it is
a conversion, because if we take it, we attribute the
classic T5 car that we
bring, it is a cargo vehicle. It does not have a
passenger seat.  with partitions, we
take all this away and for the needs of
the military, for example, if the mortars
do not need to put a seat in the middle so that the
mortar can fit in, if it is for the transportation of
personnel, the
number of seats is needed, I adapt it, it turns out
according to specific needs.  a
cargo
compartment for the transportation of weapons is
exactly what they need. This is the kind of car, that is, for this
painting, this is conversion, this is
technical support, this is very important.
All the cars that we will transfer are
equipped with such kits.  it's
not just important.
We have a car. We need to hand over the car. We
collected everything. We handed over something and we were
satisfied. They handed over the car.
Yes, it's all ours.
as you said, I
didn’t even think about it. What is it? Someone doesn’t
need a seat, because there this minometer should
be given, yes, according to needs, but there are a lot of such
stories, it’s all really fun.  she
was driving behind me They say they were
scared because it looked very
fast on the autobahn in
convoys I was driving her and this
car was also driving a convoy of sheep at a certain speed
That’s how the story happened, that is,
everything stretched out a little bit, the
convoy broke down We remained
tow trucks additional costs of time
finding a service, they left the car and
did it. By the way, it is very cool that there are always
such
Ukrainians who help us there, even in such situations, as if they were not predicted. That is how it
turned out this time, we left it to a
Ukrainian because of acquaintances, acquaintances who
recommended that the car remained,
he serviced it free of charge, and
already later We sent drivers who
picked it up for free, it is already ready,
there are many of our people there,
Ukrainians or those who sympathize with us
in European countries, but how can they
join in addition to transferring
communication funds, namely the
purchase of those things that
we in Ukraine are in short supply of  or they are here at
completely different prices, at inflated prices than,
say, in Poland or in Germany, when
we didn’t have a walkie-talkie, especially in the
beginning, it was impossible to buy a
thermal imager.
Lupo- at much cheaper
prices, which even later, when they were
available, you can buy them here, we
gave them to military personnel, who,
thank God, are still working with them to this day and are
destroying the Russians. These are people who simply
even go to their own address. They accept
parcels there, and when ours goes  a convoy of
cars logistically Each of our
cars is loaded with a humanitarian truck,
it drives empty, even the one that
dropped off the drivers is filled with
humanitarian aid and we tell
him where to take what to take and then he
turns back. What opinion do I want to convey?
of Europe Yes, contact
those volunteer foundations that you
trust, you sympathize with, as you
can be useful, you may not even
imagine How much you will help if you
even know the area, so they
can consult with you Yes, in the same way,
we did not know how to call the nearest tow truck
so that everything would work out  as
cheaply as possible, we call our Ukrainians in
Poland, they find an acquaintance in
the fields, advise someone and come.
funds, leave your contacts
that can be useful there if I
am there in Germany, the city is like this,
if you need any help,
go somewhere, find out if it is really there,
the store does not have the strength to send the parcel
and then wait a few days until the drivers
pick it up.  It is also help,
many people think that it is easy to help, it is
only to drop money and that is all, but
in fact there is a big Plast, how can you
write and no less important Well, of course, which is
accompanied by
fuel consumption, such trips cost normally,
because you understand, but we check every time how we
plan it  Is it
cheaper to
put them all there and bring them there, whether by carriages or some big trucks, it
is not cheaper, plus you won’t
put humanitarian aid in them, you won’t take away
all the necessary things and logistics from
other countries that need to be brought here
to Ukraine. In general, we try to
accumulate All  these things that we
add to the star forces with cars and
copters and all tactical medicine
so that when we know, let's
suppose then this
active phase began four months ago under the bachmouth, a
huge number of
tourniquets were needed, we did not have such a
number of
separately disassembled ones  I
even started taking out first aid
kits from the kits and handing them over
to the turnstiles. There were needs, and we
correctly understood in other aspects
that we need to accumulate these things a little so
that when there is a need.
or we don’t help in time, well, this
also has to be a car. What’s the story? We
reserved a car for one of the subdivisions, we
bought it in a
truck, it’s for the subdivision, and
in one week we transfer the
T5 car to the same place in the neighboring subdivision. And
it was for another e-  e unit and we then talk
about the rank, when did you bring this
car, do you need anything
left in this car, maybe
other volunteers provided it, maybe a military
unit found it somewhere, maybe it just
disappeared, they say you know, in the
system of the unit, there is your T5 that you
handed over last year  a week and we, er, we
have united and we communicate normally,
we don't have such a need to
deliver food, weapons,
ammunition there than it was before that. That is, it
turns out that we, er,
if we unified all this and try to
contact the military again
in order to understand the problem not just by
calling the phone or simply hanging
the car on the car, let's do it, we
understand what is going on, well, in many
volunteer organizations are scattered, and in
the same way, thanks to the volunteer mail,
we see the need directly, a very
huge number of needs and requests
are brought by the guys because they see where  they are
ashamed to say that people came to
watch, yes, this is not enough, this
action is not enough, they do not understand what
conditions they are in if they are really not advanced, they
work and not somewhere in the headquarters
[music]
so that it turns out your drivers and girls,
when they brought them, did they really see whether
they are performing any  task Is it somewhere
far away in a prison, and they may not
need such a priority car now, it is very
important Because if we were to provide, let’s say,
pickup trucks, we can’t do
much of everything right now Yes, there are more requests in Europe, there
have been fewer prices They have grown to
normal specimens so that they don’t have to
invest another half  cost is also a very
important aspect, that is, we try
to distribute the
resources with which everyone donates to the fund as efficiently as possible and
all those volunteers who join separately,
I want to thank all the subscribers of Andriy
Popyk not only on YouTube, it is thanks to us
together that we managed to realize
one copter, we have already handed over
We ordered one copter. I think
it should be in
wholesale warehouses in the city of Khmelnytskyi even today by evening, and we are also
handing over two garmins to the
special operations forces. It's all thanks to
your donations. Thank you very much for the start.
People we don't know them at all. Yes,
but they see.  what can we say? Well, we
collect for uh
through the fund and if they donate And it was really
so nice to collect. I want everyone to
see that these funds are spent effectively, not
just, you know, they collected something like that somewhere and something
went somewhere like that because it is very important in
We are now being collected there in every basement,
someone is collecting something, so conditionally, yes, if everyone is
collecting, they are collecting, but the money
is not infinite, it is a limited resource, and
it is desirable. That’s how it is with the brand of this car, it’s very cool here, not only did we order the car, but we handed it over, yes, you brought it. Yes
you brought it, found out, yes, people
cooperated, they say, No, there is no need, you
can give it to someone who has been to boys who
need it more, and it is very, very cool,
because it is necessary that every hryvnia should
work as efficiently as possible.  You
can
say that I am doing this kind of material that
prompted you to do this kind of activity.
That is, you understand that
you are broken. There are those who do it and those
who deliver.
age have
cooperated and are doing what they can for the
armed forces of Ukraine, they made a great
opening on all the excursions here, the light went out,
but even if there is no light,
Ukrainian volunteers still work, so there is no light, there is
no work, it is boiling and so we
have to, Russia wants to break us so that we would
sit  the light is hopeless, but you
can always do something, the light will appear, and
the work needs to be done. And I want all of
us and those who watch us from Ukraine and from
other countries to join as much as
possible in helping the armed forces of Ukraine,
who can help with money, help with money, who
can with some kind of goodies,
help  with goodies, who can with their own
labor come help sort something
or call some
suppliers or call people uh, how they
communicate, there is always work for everyone,
work, unfinished business,
find volunteer funds in your cities
that you trust, that you
see that they are doing the right
thing. Come and say what  I can
help very often, volunteers
don't have time to look for someone to
help them, but today I went to see
everyone is boiling, everyone has some kind of work, so
come and ask how I can help.
I believe that each of you can do something
cool. Glory to Ukraine